feat: ADR for design of a License Credential (#177)
allinbits/cosmos-cash: docs/Reference/architecture/README.md

# Architecture

## Overview

> Architecture documentation is based on [PlantUML](https://plantuml.com/). This contains lots of documentation and examples. Diagrams are created through text based documents (`.puml` files) which are then rendered into an appropriate format, in a similar manner to pandoc for markdown and pdfs/html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Architecture documentation is based on [PlantUML](https://plantuml.com/) that comes with lots of documentation and examples. Diagrams are created through text-based documents (`.puml` files) that are then rendered into an appropriate format like Pandoc Markdown is used to generate PDFs and HTML output.
```

PlantUML was chosen as the architecture medium for a number of reasons, of which the most important are:

1. It supports a number of different types of diagram: class, sequence, activity, ERM ...
2. Diagrams can be stored with the codebase and documentation rather in a separate system such as Whimsical and then imported as needed into documentation.

> To contribute please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute, see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
